Good evening and welcome to News at Eight with me, Leon Thomas.
In the headlines tonight: President Miki of Ankhazastan
shocks the world with a surprise marriage and outburst.
President Miki Unjonginiv of Ankhazastan, now 35 years old, has
apparently decided that it’s time to tie the knot and settle down.
So far, so good, but Miki has shocked the world by becoming groom to not
one, but FIVE blushing brides, all between eighteen and twenty years of age.
In a further shocking twist, Miki gave a drunken speech at his wedding banquet where he threatened
to INVADE neighbouring countries and – as he put it – take back the oil that belongs to him.
I’ve invited regional expert Sally Orlov to the studio to help explain the situation.
“Sally, for the past few years, it seems that there
have been positive headlines coming from Ankhazastan.
What happened here?”
“Hi Leon, thanks for having me on your show.
“Yes, you’re correct.
After introducing a series of harsh laws which were criticised
by the West, it seemed that Miki had changed his ways.
“Investment has been flowing into the country, and Miki opened a brand-new airport just last month.
We haven’t seen any negative news stories – but perhaps that is because any news
coming from Ankhazastan is strictly filtered through their PR agency here in London.”
“So, Sally, why wasn’t this news filtered?”
“ Well, Leon, it’s simply getting harder to control information in the digital age.
Footage of the wedding was sneaked out on a USB
stick – ironically, probably through the new airport.”
“And is polygamy legal in Ankhazastan?”
“Nobody knows, Leon.
Copies of the country’s laws aren’t available to us.
We do know that polygamy is not normal there, though.”
“ And do you see Miki living in matrimonial bliss with his five wives?”
“Err… no, not really.
Plus, there are rumours that Miki is homosexual and that
he married the women purely to kill off these rumours.
Other people say he wants to have as many children as possible.
Others that he can’t stop talking about an English woman from his schooldays”
“ I see.
And how serious are his threats to invade nearby countries?”
“Again, Leon, nobody knows.
Very few people have access to Miki and very few people know what he is thinking.
It could be the vodka talking or it could be a real threat.
Nobody knows what size the Ankhaz army is or what weapons they have – but
Ankhazastan is twice the size of its nearest neighbour, Armagnia.
“Miki has claimed before that Armagnia has been ‘stealing’ oil from their
shared oilfield, which runs deep under the ground of both countries.
So some people ARE taking the threat seriously.”
“ One more question.
Will this affect foreign investment?”
“It certainly will, Leon.
It certainly will.”